Where's my woman?
I'll go right away, please before
Take all the forces under your Dragon and Tiger Hall
The woman who gave it to me, Xiao Yunyan
As an apology
Then ask his forgiveness
If he is not satisfied
The end is known
Not soon, thank you sir
Kumami likes to keep a low profile
Low key guarantee low key
Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir
Little brother, I've called you 50 times
Just pick it up now
I'm in a hurry here, only you can save me
If it's late, you can't see me.
Don't cry, I'll be right over
Yuan will be handed over to you. It's the commander
How do you hold this black card?
The black card is a photo of the emperor
Generic in 36 countries
Lord Royal Wind
Your Majesty
What kind of boss is in your palace?
Haha, him.
You'll know when you're dead.
You, you, you're a disgrace.
Do you know what kind of big shots they are?
Where are the people?